README.md, before:

# Tailwind CSS Components for React - TailGrids React

TailGrids React is **Tailwind UI Components for React** Web Projects. This version is free open-source **TailGrids Core that coded specifically for React**, so anyone can use TailGrids Tailwind CSS components with your React projects flawlessly.

TailGrids React comes with all the essential UI components and elements you need to kickstart a new web project based on ReactJS and Tailwind CSS. This entire React + Tailwind CSS UI library - is coded using Tailwind CSS utility classes and crafted in a way that will provide the best possible developer experience. 

[![tailgrids-react](https://cdn.tailgrids.com/tailgrids-react.png)](https://github.com/TailGrids/tailgrids-react)

So, if you're already familiar with Tailwind CSS and looking for a well-designed **React UI library**, TailGrids is the perfect choice.

### [🚀 Explore All Components](https://tailgrids.com/components)

### [🌏 Visit Website](https://tailgrids.com)

### [📃 TailGrids React Documentation](https://tailgrids.com/docs/react)

# Getting Started
### Installing via NPM

As a NPM package make sure that you have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)

Install TailGrids React as a dependency using NPM by running the command below:

```
npm i tailgrids-react
```

To learn more, check out the [TailGrids React Docs](https://tailgrids.com/docs/react).

## TailGrids-React : Tailwind CSS + React UI Components
[![sneak-peek](https://cdn.tailgrids.com/tailgrids-components.svg)](https://tailgrids.com/components)


## 👥 Community
#### [💬 Chat Us on Discord](https://pimjo.com/discord)
#### [🙌 Let's Connect on Twitter](https://twitter.com/tailgrids)

## 💙 Support

You can always support this project and inspire us by **Starring🌟 This Repository**
and sharing with friends. If you like the the library consider purchasing [**⚡ TailGrids Pro**](https://tailgrids.com/pricing) to get access to all available premium components.

## 🎁 License

TailGrids React is **100% Free! and open-source** so you can use it with your personal or commercial projects also redistribute with your projects.

Commit message:

dark mode added and polished components

README.md, after:

# Tailwind CSS Components for React - TailGrids React

TailGrids React is **Tailwind UI Components for React** Web Projects. This version is free open-source **TailGrids Core that coded specifically for React**, so anyone can use TailGrids Tailwind CSS components with your React projects flawlessly.

TailGrids React comes with all the essential UI components and elements you need to kickstart a new web project based on ReactJS and Tailwind CSS. This entire React + Tailwind CSS UI library - is coded using Tailwind CSS utility classes and crafted in a way that will provide the best possible developer experience.

[![tailgrids-react](https://cdn.tailgrids.com/tailgrids-react.png)](https://github.com/TailGrids/tailgrids-react)

So, if you're already familiar with Tailwind CSS and looking for a well-designed **React UI library**, TailGrids is the perfect choice.

### [🚀 Explore All Components](https://tailgrids.com/components)

### [🌏 Visit Website](https://tailgrids.com)

### [📃 TailGrids React Documentation](https://tailgrids.com/docs/react)

# Getting Started

### Installing via NPM

As a NPM package make sure that you have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)

Install TailGrids React as a dependency using NPM by running the command below:

```
npm i tailgrids-react
```

To learn more, check out the [TailGrids React Docs](https://tailgrids.com/docs/react).

## TailGrids-React : Tailwind CSS + React UI Components

[![sneak-peek](https://cdn.tailgrids.com/tailgrids-components.svg)](https://tailgrids.com/components)

## Changelog

### version 2.0

-Dark mode added
-Polished components
-Added few core components
-Update dependency packages

## 👥 Community

#### [💬 Chat Us on Discord](https://pimjo.com/discord)

#### [🙌 Let's Connect on Twitter](https://twitter.com/tailgrids)

## 💙 Support

You can always support this project and inspire us by **Starring🌟 This Repository**
and sharing with friends. If you like the the library consider purchasing [**⚡ TailGrids Pro**](https://tailgrids.com/pricing) to get access to all available premium components.

## 🎁 License

TailGrids React is **100% Free! and open-source** so you can use it with your personal or commercial projects also redistribute with your projects.
